==== BLOCKS ==== 

ප ොලිස් මොධ්‍ය ප ොට්ඨොසය පෙත ෙොර්තො වූ ෙැදගත් පතොරතුරු

பபொலிஸ் ஊடகப் பிொிவிற்கு அறிவிக்கப்பட்ட முக்கிய தகவல்கள்

Forwarding important information reported to the Police Media Division to the media.

01. තියුණු ආයුධ්‍යකින් හරදී පුද්ගලපයකු ඝොතනය කිරීමක්- හපුතපේ ප ොලිස් ෙසම.

2026.02.08 දින සවස් කාලයේ හපුතයේ ය ාලිස් වසයේ පිටය ාල ප්‍රයේශයේදී තියුණු ආයුධයකින් හරදීමක් යහ්තුයවන් ය ාරලන්ද යරෝහලට ඇතුලත් කළ පුේගලයයකු මියයගාස් ඇති වට හපුතයේ ය ාලිස් ස්ථානයට ලද ණිවිඩයක් මත විමර්ශන ආරේභ කර ඇත.

මරණ රු ෙයස අවුරුදු 65 ක් වූ පිටප ොල ප්‍රපද්ශපේ දිංචි රුපෙකි. මරණකරුට අයත් වගා භූමියක් තුලදී යමම ඝාතනය සිදුව ඇති වට දැනට සිදු කරන ලද විමර්ශනයේදී අනාවරණය වී ඇති අතර, ඝාතනයට යහ්තුව හා සැකකරුවන් කවුරුන්ද යන්න යමයතක් අනාවරණය වී යනාමැත. හපුතයේ ය ාලිසිය වැඩිදුර විමර්ශන සිදු කරනු ල යි.

கூொ்மையொன ஆயுதத்தொல் தொக்கி ஒருவொ் பகொமல – ஹப்புத்தமள பபொலிஸ் பிொிவு

2026.02.08 அன்று ைொமல ஹப்புத்தமள பபொலிஸ் பிொிவிற்குட்பட்ட பிட்டப்பபொல பகுதியில் கூொ்மையொன ஆயுதத்தொல் தொக்கப்பட்ட நிமலயில் பபொரலந்த மவத்தியசொமலயில் அனுைதிக்கப்பட்ட ஒருவொ் உயிொிழந்ததொக கிமடத்த தகவலின் பபொில் ஹப்புத்தமள பபொலிஸொொ் விசொரமைகமள ஆரை்பித்துள்ளனொ்.

உயிொிழந்தவொ் 65 வயதுமடய பிட்டப்பபொல பகுதிமயச் பசொ்ந்தவொ்.

D/Media/Out/230 /2026 2026.02.09 ැය 0530

அவருக்குச் பசொந்தைொன விவசொய நிலத்தில் இந்தக் பகொமல இடை்பபற்றுள்ளதொக ஆரை்ப விசொரமைகளில் பதொியவந்துள்ளது. பகொமலயின் கொரைமுை் சந்பதகநபொ்கள் யொொ் என்பதுை் இதுவமர பதொியவரவில்மல.

ஹப்புத்தமள பபொலிஸொொ் பைலதிக விசொரமைகமள பைற்பகொை்டு வருகின்றனொ்.

Homicide Committed with a Sharp Weapon – Haputale Police Division

An investigation has been initiated by the Sri Lanka Police under the Haputale Police Division following the fatal assault of an individual with a sharp weapon.

On the evening of 08.02.2026, the Haputale Police Station commenced inquiries after receiving information that a person who had been admitted to the Boralanda Hospital with severe injuries sustained in a sharp weapon attack in the Pitapola area had succumbed to his injuries.

The deceased has been identified as a 65-year-old resident of Pitapola.

Preliminary investigations have disclosed that the incident occurred on a cultivated land owned by the victim. However, the motives for the killing and the identities of the suspects have not yet been ascertained.

Further investigations are being carried out by the Haputale Police.

02. පහපරොයින් සමඟ සැ රුපෙකු අත්අඩිංගුෙට - ප ොළඹ දසො අ රොධ්‍ ප ොට්ඨොසය.

2026.02.08 දින දහවේ ග්‍රෑන්් ාස් ය ාලිස් වසයේ සිරි ාලපින්තු මාවත ප්‍රයේශයේදී යකාළඹ දිසා අ රාධ යකාට්ඨාසයේ නිලධාරින් කණ්ඩායමක් විසින් පහපරොයින් ග්‍රෑම් 25 මිලිග්‍රෑම් 150 ක් සන්ත පේ තබො පගන සිටි සැ රුපෙකු අත්අඩංගුවට යගන ඇත.

සැ රු ෙයස අවුරුදු 40 ක් ෙන නෙ ැළණි ොලම ප්‍රපද්ශපේ දිංචි රුපෙකි.

යකාළඹ දිසා අ රාධ යකාට්ඨාසය වැඩිදුර විමර්ශන සිදු කරනු ල යි.

பஹபரொயினுடன் ஒருவொ் மகது – பகொழுை்பு பிரொந்திய குற்றப் பிொிவு

2026.02.08 அன்று நை்பகல் கிரொை்ட் பொஸ் பபொலிஸ் பிொிவிற்குட்பட்ட சிொிபொலபிந்து ைொவத்மத பகுதியில், பகொழுை்பு பிரொந்திய குற்றப் பிொிவு

அதிகொொிகள் 25 கிரொை் 150 ைில்லிகிரொை் பஹபரொயிமன மவத்திருந்த ஒருவமர மகது பசய்துள்ளனொ்.

சந்பதகநபொ் 40 வயதுமடய நவகளைி பொலை் பகுதிமயச் பசொ்ந்தவொ் ஆவொொ்.

பகொழுை்பு பிரொந்திய குற்றப் பிொிவினொ் பைலதிக விசொரமைகமள பைற்பகொை்டு வருகின்றது.

Suspect Apprehended with Heroin – Colombo District Crime Division

Officers of the Sri Lanka Police attached to the Colombo District Crime Division have arrested a suspect for the possession of Heroin.

On the afternoon of 08.02.2026, a team of officers from the Division apprehended the suspect in the Siripalapintu Mawatha area within the Grandpass Police Division. At the time of arrest, the suspect was found in possession of 25 g and 150 mg of Heroin.

The individual taken into custody is a 40-year-old resident of the Nawakelani Bridge area.

Further investigations are being conducted by the Colombo District Crime Division.

03. වියළි ගිංජො සමඟ සැ රුෙන් පදපදපනකු අත්අඩිංගුෙට - ප ොලිස් විපශ්ෂ ොර්ය බල ො බුත්තල ඳවුර.

2026.02.08 දින රාත්‍රී ඇතිමයේ ය ාලිස් වසයේ යකාටියාගල ප්‍රයේශයේදී ය ාලිස් වියශ්ෂ කාර්ය ලකා බුත්තල කඳවුයර් නිලධාරීන්ට ලද යතාරතුරක් මත වැටලීමක් සිදු කර වියළි ගංජා කියලෝග්‍රෑේ 03යි ග්‍රෑේ 788 ක් සමඟ සැකකරුවන් යදයදයනකු අත්අඩංගුවට යගන ඇතිමයේ ය ාලිස් ස්ථානය යවත ඉදිරි ත් කර ඇත.

සැ රුෙන් අවුරුදු 25 ෙයපස් සුෙන පමොණරොගල ප්‍රපද්ශපේ දිංචි රුෙන් පේ.

එම සැකකරුවන් 2026.02.09 දින සියඹලාණ්ුව ගරු මයහ්ස්රාත් අධිකරණයට ඉදිරි ත් කිරීමට නියමිතව ඇත. ඇතිමයේ ය ාලිසිය විසින් වැඩිදුර විමර්ශන සිදු කරනු ල යි.

உலொ் கஞ்சொவுடன் இருவொ் மகது – விபசட அதிரடிப்பமட புத்தள முகொை்

2026.02.08 அன்று இரவு எத்திைமல பபொலிஸ் பிொிவிற்குட்பட்ட பகொட்டியொகல பகுதியில், விபசட அதிரடிப்பமட புத்தள முகொைின் அதிகொொிகள் கிமடத்த தகவலின் பபொில் பைற்பகொை்ட சுற்றிவமளப்பில் 3 கிபலொ 788 கிரொை் உலொ்

கஞ்சொவுடன் இருவொ் மகது பசய்யப்பட்டு ஐத்திைமல பபொலிஸ் நிமலயத்தில் ஒப்பமடக்கப்பட்டுள்ளனொ்.

சந்பதகநபொ்கள் 25 வயதுமடய பைொைரொகமல பகுதிமயச் பசொ்ந்தவொ்கள் ஆவொ்.

அவொ்கள் 2026.02.09 அன்று சியை்பலொை்டுவ நீதிைன்றத்தில் ஆஜொ்படுத்தப்படவுள்ளனொ். ஐத்திைமல பபொலிஸொொ் பைலதிக விசொரமைகமள பைற்பகொை்டு வருகின்றனொ்.

Two Suspects Arrested with Dried Cannabis – Police Special Task Force, Buttala Camp

Officers attached to the Buttala Camp of the Police Special Task Force carried out a raid on the night of 08.02.2026 in the Kotiyagala area within the jurisdiction of the Ethimale Police Division, acting on received intelligence.

During the operation, two suspects were apprehended in possession of 3kg and 788 g of dried cannabis. The suspects, along with the seized narcotics, were handed over to the Ethimale Police for further legal proceedings.

Both suspects are 25 years of age and residents of the Monaragala area.

They are scheduled to be produced before the Siyambalanduwa Magistrate's Court on 09.02.2026.

Further investigations are being conducted by the Ethimale Police.

04. පලොරි රථයක් ළමපයකුපේ ගැටී ජීවිතක්ෂයට - උඩෙලෙ ප ොලිස් ෙසම.

2026.02.08 දින දහවේ උඩවලව ය ාලිස් වසයේ උඩවලව තණමේවිල මාර්ගයේ මළය ාටුආර ප්‍රයේශයේදී ැරියේ හන්දිය යදස සිට තණමේවිල යදසට ධාවනය වූ යලාරි රථයක් මාර්ගය අයියන් ගමන් කළ ළමයයකුයේ ගැටී අනතුරක් සිදුව ඇත. අනතුරින් තුවාල ලැබූ ළමයා උඩවලව යරෝහලට ඇතුළත් කිරීයමන් සු මියයගාස් ඇත. මරණ රු ෙයස අවුරුදු 13 ක් වූ උඩෙලෙ ප්‍රපද්ශපේ දිංචි රුපෙකි. යලාරි රථයේ රියැදුරු අත්අඩංගුවට යගන ඇත. උඩවලව ය ාලිසිය වැඩිදුර විමර්ශන සිදු කරයි.

ප ොලිස් මොධ්‍ය ප ොට්ඨොසය.

பலொறி பைொதி சிறுவன் உயிொிழப்பு – உடவலவ பபொலிஸ் பிொிவு

2026.02.08 அன்று நை்பகல் உடவலவ பபொலிஸ் பிொிவிற்குட்பட்ட உடவலவ–தைைல்வில வீதியின் ைளபபொட்டுஆர பகுதியில், பபொியல் சந்தியிலிருந்து தைைல்வில பநொக்கிச் பசன்ற பலொறி ஒன்று சொமலபயொரைொக நடந்துச் பசன்ற சிறுவமன பைொதியதில் விபத்து ஏற்பட்டுள்ளது.

கொயைமடந்த சிறுவன் உடவலவ மவத்தியசொமலயில் அனுைதிக்கப்பட்ட பின்னொ் உயிொிழந்துள்ளொொ்.

உயிொிழந்தவொ் 13 வயதுமடய உடவலவ பகுதிமயச் பசொ்ந்தவொ் ஆவொொ்.

பலொறி ஓட்டுநொ் மகது பசய்யப்பட்டுள்ளொொ். உடவலவ பபொலிஸொொ் பைலதிக விசொரமைகமள பைற்பகொை்டு வருகின்றனொ்.

பபொலிஸ் ஊடகப் பிொிவு

Child Killed in Lorry Accident – Udawalawe Police Division

A tragic road traffic accident claiming the life of a child has been reported within the jurisdiction of the Udawalawe Police Division.

On the afternoon of 08.02.2026, a lorry travelling from Barial Junction towards Thanamalwila along the Udawalawe–Thanamalwila Road struck a child who was walking along the roadside in the Malabotuara area. The child sustained critical injuries in the collision and was admitted to the Udawalawe Hospital for treatment. However, he later succumbed to his injuries.

The deceased has been identified as a 13-year-old resident of the Udawalawe area.

The driver of the lorry has been taken into custody in connection with the incident.

Further investigations are being carried out by the Udawalawe Police.

Police Media Division