==== BLOCKS ==== 

ප ොලිස් මොධ්‍ය ප ොට්ඨොසය පෙත ෙොර්තො වූ ෙැදගත් පතොරතුරු

ப ொலிஸ் ஊடக பிரிவு – பெய்தியொளர்களுக்கு முக்கிய தகவல்கள்

Forwarding important information reported to the Police Media Division to the media.

01. පෙඩිතබො මනුෂ්‍ය ඝොතනය ට අෙශ්‍ය ර සිටි සැ රුපෙකු අත්අඩංගුෙට - ප ොළඹ මධ්‍යම ප ොට්ඨොස අ රොධ්‍ විමර්ශ්‍න ොර්යංශ්‍ය. 2026.01.16 වන දින වවරළබඩ ව ොලිස් වසවේ ජින්තුපිටිය ප්‍රවේශවේදී වවඩි තබො පුේගලවයකු ඝොතනය කර දරුවන්ත වදවදවනකුට ුවොල සිදුකිරීවේ අ රොධය සේබන්තධවයන්ත ව ොලිස් කණ්ඩොයේ කිහි යක් විමර්ශන ආරේභ කර තිබුණි.

2026.03.10 වන දින සවස වකවසල්වත්ත ව ොලිස් වසවේ අක්බොර් ටුමග ප්‍රවේශවේදී වකොළඹ මධයම වකොට්ඨොස අ රොධ විමර්ශන කොර්යංශවේ නිලධොරීන්ත කණ්ඩොයමකට ලද වතොරුරක් මත ඉහත අ රොධයට ආධොර අනුබල දීම සේබන්තධවයන්ත අවශයකර සිටි සැකකරුවවකු අ රොධයට වයොදොගන්තනො ලද ත්‍රීවරොද රථය, වයොජ අංක තහඩු සවිකරණ ලද යුරු ැදියක්, වයොජ ආදොයේ බල ත්‍රයක් හො අංක තහඩු වදකක් සමඟ අත්අඩංගුවට වගන ඇත. සැ රු ෙයස අවුරුදු 31 ක් ෙන ප ොළඹ 12 ප්‍රපේශ්‍පේ දංචි රුපෙකි. වකොළඹ මධයම වකොට්ඨොස අ රොධ විමර්ශන කොර්යංශය විසින්ත වැඩිදුර විමර්ශන සිදුකරනු ලබයි.

துப் ொக்கி சூட்டிய மனித பகொலை வழக்கில் குற்றவொளி ஒருவலை லகது – பகொழும்பு மத்திய குற்றவியல் ணியகம்.

2026.01.16 அன்று, கடல ோர ப ோலிஸ் நில யம், ஜிந்துபிட்டிய குதியில் ஒருவர் பகோல் ப் ட்டு இரண்டு குழந்லைகள் கோயமலடந்ை சம் வம் பைோடர் ோக ப ோலிஸ் குழுக்கள் விசோரலை பைோடங்கியிருந்ைன.

2026.03.10 அன்று மோல , வோலழத்லைோட்டம் ப ோலிஸ் பிரலைசம், அக் ோர் ட்டுமக குதியில், பகோழும்பு மத்திய குற்றவியல் விசோரலைப் ணியக ப ோலிசோர் ப ற்ற

D/Media/Out/423/2026 2026.03.11 ැය 0545

ைகவலின் அடிப் லடயில், குற்றத்திற்கு உைவிய சந்லைக ந லர லகது பசய்துள்ளனர். லகதுபசய்யப் ட்டவர் லகயோள்வதில் இருந்ை ப ோருட்கள்: முச்சக்கரவண்டி, ல ோலி இ க்கத் ைகடு பகோண்ட லமோட்டோர் லசக்கிள், ல ோலி வருமோன அட்லடகளும், ல ோலி இ க்கத் ைகடுகள் லகப் ற்றப் ட்டுள்ளன.

சந்லைக ந ரின் வயது 31, பகோழும்பு 12 பிரலைசத்தில் வோழ்கின்றவர்.

பகோழும்பு மத்திய குற்றவியல் விசோரலைப் ணியகம் லம திக விசோரலைகலள நடத்தி வருகிறது.

Suspect Wanted for Murder Arrested – Colombo Central Divisional Criminal Investigation Bureau

Several police teams initiated investigations into the shooting incident that occurred in the Jinthupitiya area of the Coastal Police Division on 16.01.2026, which resulted in the death of one individual and injuries to two children.

Based on information received, a team of officers from the Colombo Central Divisional Criminal Investigation Bureau conducted an operation in the Akbar Lane area within the Keselwatte Police Division on the evening of 10.03.2026. During the operation, officers arrested a suspect who was wanted for aiding and abetting the above-mentioned crime.

At the time of the arrest, the officers also recovered several items believed to have been used in the commission of the offence, including a three-wheeler used during the crime, a motorcycle bearing forged number plates, a counterfeit revenue license, and two number plates.

The suspect is a 31-year-old resident of Colombo 12.

Further investigations are being carried out by the Colombo Central Divisional Criminal Investigation Bureau.

02. නිතිවිපරෝධී මත් ැන් සමඟ සැ රුපෙකු අත්අඩංගුෙට - හලොෙත ප ොට්ඨොස විෂ්‍ මත්රෙය ඒ ය. 2026.03.10 දින දහවල් හලොවත ව ොලිස් වසවේ ඉලිප් වදණිය ප්‍රවේශවේදී හලොවත වකොට්ඨොස විෂ මත්රවය ඒකකවේ නිලධොරීන්ත කණ්ඩොයමක් විසින්ත වැටලීමක් සිදුකර නීති විවරෝධී මත් ැන්ත ලීටර් 60 (වබෝතල් 80) ක් සමඟ සැකකරුවවකු අත්අඩංගුවට වගන හලොවත ව ොලිස් ස්ථොනය වවත ඉදිරි ත් කර ඇත.

සැ රු ෙයස අවුරුදු 40 ක් ෙන ඉලිප් පදණිය ප්‍රපේශ්‍පේ දංචි රුපෙකි.

හලොවත ව ොලිසිය විසින්ත වැඩිදුර විමර්ශන සිදු කරනු ලබයි.

ெட்டவிரைொத மது ப ொருட்களுடன் ெந்ரதக ந ர் லகது – சிைொ ம் அ ொயகை ர ொலதப் ப ொருள் பிரிவு

2026.03.10 அன்று கலில், ஹ ோவத்ை ப ோலிஸ் பிரலைசம், இலிப்புபைணிய குதியில், சட்டவிலரோை மது – 60 லிட்டர் (80 ோட்டில்கள்) பகோண்ட சந்லைக ந லர லகது பசய்துள்ளனர்.

சந்லைக ந ர் வயது 40, இலிப்புபைணி குதிலயச் லசர்நைவர்.

சி ோ ம் ப ோலிசோர் லம திக விசோரலைகலள நடத்தி வருகின்றனர்.

Suspect Arrested with Illegal Liquor – Chilaw Divisional Narcotics Unit

On the afternoon of 10.03.2026, a team of officers from the Chilaw Divisional Narcotics Unit conducted a raid in the Ilippadeniya area within the Chilaw Police Division. During the operation, a suspect was apprehended in possession of 60 litres (approximately 80 bottles) of illicit liquor.

The suspect and the seized liquor were subsequently handed over to the Chilaw Police Station for further legal action.

The suspect is a 40-year-old resident of the Ilippadeniya area.

Further investigations are being conducted by the Chilaw Police.

03. යතුරු ැදයක් බස් රථය හො ොර් රථය ගැටී යතුරු ැද රු ජීවිතක්ෂ්‍යට - ගම් හ ප ොලිස් ෙසම. 2026.03.10 දින උදෑසන ගේ හ ව ොලිස් වසවේ ජොඇල ගේ හ මොර්ගවේදී ගේ හ වදසට ධොවනය වූ යුරු ැදියක් බස් රථයකට ඉස්සර කිරීමට යොවේදී ැදිකරුට යුරු ැදිය ොලනය කරගත වනොහැකිව ව රලීවගොස් එම බස් රථවේ හො විරුේධ වදසින්ත ැමිණි කොර් රථයක ගැටී අනුරක් සිදුව ඇත. අනුරින්ත යුරු ැදිකරු බර තල ුවොල ලබො ගේ හ වරෝහලට ඇුළත් කිරීවමන්ත සු මියවගොස් ඇත. මරණ රු අවුරුදු 23 ක් වූ ගම් හ ප්‍රපේශ්‍පේ දංචි රුපෙකි. අනුර සේබන්තධවයන්ත බස් රථවේ රියැදුරු හො කොර් රථවේ රියැදුරු අත්අඩංගුවට වගන ඇත. ගේ හ ව ොලිසිය විසින්ත වැඩිදුර විමර්ශන සිදු කරනු ලබයි.

ප ොලිස් මොධ්‍ය ප ොට්ඨොසය.

ரமொட்டொர் லெக்கிள் ர ருந்து மற்றும் கொர் மீது ரமொதியதில் யணி உயிரிழப்பு – கம் ஹொ ப ொலிஸ் பிைரதெம்

2026.03.10 அன்று கோல , கம் ஹோ மோர்க் குதியில், லமோட்டோர் லசக்கிள் ல ருந்து மற்றும் கோர் மீது லமோதியதில் யணி கடுலமயோக கோயமலடந்து கம் ஹோ மருத்துவமலனக்கு அனுப் ப் ட்ட ல ோது உயிரிழந்ைோர்.

• உயிரிழந்ைவர் வயது 23, கம் ஹோ பிரலைச வதிவுலடயவர்.

யணியுடன் சம் ந்ைப் ட்ட ல ருந்து மற்றும் கோர் ஓட்டுநர்கலள ப ோலிசோர் லகது பசய்துள்ளனர்.

கம் ஹோ ப ோலிசோர் லம திக விசோரலைகள் நடத்தி வருகின்றனர்.

ப ொலிஸ் ஊடக பிரிவு

Motorcyclist Killed in Collision with Bus and Car – Gampaha Police Division

On the morning of 10.03.2026, a motorcycle travelling towards Gampaha along the Ja-Ela–Gampaha Road, within the Gampaha Police Division, attempted to overtake a bus when the rider reportedly lost control of the vehicle. The motorcycle subsequently overturned and collided with the bus as well as a car approaching from the opposite direction.

The motorcyclist sustained severe injuries in the collision and later succumbed to his injuries after being admitted to the Gampaha Hospital.

The deceased has been identified as a 23-year-old resident of the Gampaha area.

In connection with the incident, the driver of the bus and the driver of the car have been taken into custody.

Further investigations are being conducted by the Gampaha Police.

Police Media Division