==== BLOCKS ==== 

අද්මිරාල් නිලයට උසස් වීම් ලද ශ්‍රී ලංකා නාවික හමුදාපති පපාලිස් මූලස්ථානපේ සංචාරයක නිරත වීම සම්බන්ධව. 2026.06.30 වන දින නාවික හමුදාපති අද්මිරාල් කාාංචන බානග ාඩ මහතා ගපාලිස් මූලස්ථානයට පැිණ ගපාලිස්පති නීතිඥ ප්‍රියන්ත වීරසූරිය මහතා සමඟ සුහද සාකච්ඡාවක නිරත වන ලදි. ඒ මහතා 2026.06.30 වන දින වයිස් අද්මිරාල් නිලගේ සිට අද්මිරාල් නිලයට උසස් වීම් ලද අතර, ගපාලිස්පතිතුමා විසින් එතුමාහට සුභාසිාංශන පළ කරන ලදි. නාවික හමුදාපති වශගයන් ඉටුකළ ගස්වය හා රාජකාරි සම්බන්ධව ශ්‍රී ලාංකා ගපාලිසිය ගකගරහි දැක්වූ සහගයෝගීතාවය ගපාලිස්පතිතුමා විසින් අ ය කරන ලද අතර එම අවස්ථාවට ගජෙෂ්ඨ ගපාලිස් නිලධාරීන් පිරිසක්ව සහභාගී වන ලදි. ගමම අවස්ථාගේදී ගපාලිස්පතිතුමා විසින් අද්මිරාල් කාාංචන බානග ාඩ මහතා ගවත සමරු සිහිවටනයක්වද පිළි ැන්වීමට කටයුතු කරන ලදි. පපාලිස් මාධය පකාට්ඨාසය.

Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy Pays Courtesy Call on Inspector General of Police Following Promotion to Admiral

Following his promotion to the rank of Admiral, the Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy, Admiral Kanchana Banagoda, paid a courtesy call on the Inspector General of Police, Attorney-at-Law Priyantha Weerasooriya, at Police Headquarters on 30 June 2026.

During the meeting, the Inspector General of Police congratulated Admiral Banagoda on his promotion from the rank of Vice Admiral to Admiral and conveyed his best wishes on behalf of the Sri Lanka Police.

The Inspector General of Police also expressed his appreciation for the close cooperation and valuable support extended by Admiral Banagoda to the Sri Lanka Police in the discharge of his duties as Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy.

D/Media/Out/1088/2026 2026.07.01 පැය 1550

A group of senior police officers attended the occasion. As a token of appreciation and goodwill, the Inspector General of Police presented a commemorative memento to Admiral Kanchana Banagoda.

Police Media Division

அட்மிரல் பதவிக்கு பதவி உயர்வு பபற்ற இலங்கக கடற்பகடத் தளபதி பபரலிஸ் தகலகமயகத்திற்கு விஜயம்

2026.06.30 அன்று, இலங்கக கடற்பகடத் தளபதி அட்மிரல் கரஞ்சன பரனபகரட அவர்கள் பபரலிஸ் தகலகமயகத்திற்கு விஜயம் பசய்து, பபரலிஸ்மர அதிபர் சட்டத்தரணி பிரியந்த வீரசூரிய அவர்களுடன் சுமுகமரன கலந்துகரயரடலில் ஈடுபட்டரர்.

அன்கறய தினமம, கவஸ் அட்மிரல் பதவியிலிருந்து அட்மிரல் பதவிக்கு பதவி உயர்வு பபற்றிருந்த அவருக்கு, பபரலிஸ்மர அதிபர் தனது வரழ்த்துககளத் பதரிவித்தரர்.

கடற்பகடத் தளபதியரக அவர் ஆற்றிய மசகவககளயும், இலங்கக பபரலிசுக்கு வழங்கிய ஒத்துகழப்கபயும் பபரலிஸ்மர அதிபர் பரரரட்டினரர். இந்நிகழ்வில் சிமரஷ்டப் பபரலிஸ் அதிகரரிகள் பலரும் கலந்துபகரண்டனர்.

இதன்மபரது, பபரலிஸ்மர அதிபர், அட்மிரல் கரஞ்சன பரனபகரட அவர்களுக்கு நிகனவுப் பரிபசரன்கறயும் வழங்கி பகௌரவித்தரர்.

பபரலிஸ் ஊடகப் பிரிவு.